Effect of PID component in the implementation:
To study the effect of a PID component, i switched off the other 2 components. Following are my observations.

only P component active: The car always stayed on the track (atleast at low speeds) but it was continiously hovering around the 
                         center of the track.The controller started applying correction proportional to the error on either side of the track
                         ,Therefore the car always oscillates around the track center.

only d component active : The car always stayed on one side of the track for some time and later it went out of the track.
                           As the car started deviating from center the controller started applying correction but this was not sufficient
                           to reduce cte to 0, meanwhile the cte was staying constant (when the track is straight) and the controller didnt
                           reacted.   

only i component active: The controller started applying correction as soon as the car deviated from the track center but the correction 
                          was too high on the other direction, Therfore the car drove out of the track immediately.


Choosing final hyperparameter values:

I tuned the PID controller manually. I did this in order to understand the effect of parameters on controller behaviour.
At first i started tuning only P value. I started with value of 1.0 and reduced it until the car was able to stay  on track.
at P=0.2 the car was able to stay on track but continiously hovering around track center due to the proportional correction
on either side of the track.
Then i started tuning d value. I wanted to start with values greater than 1.5 as the change in the cte values were not very high.
at d=3, the oscillations started reducing, but the controlling action was not very smooth around the curves.
This lead me to tuning of i value. at first, i started with an i value of 0.1 but the corrections were very high and the 
car veered of the track immediately. i started reducing i value step by step and around 0.015 the performance of the controller
was very smooth.



